Things To Test:

"X" means it has been tested and succeeded.

At Startup:
The start button is enabled at startup. X
The stop button is disabled at startup. X

During crawler setup: X
Adding links to the links to scan list during setup. X
	- Setup recognizes when a site link is valid and when it is not valid. X
	- Add site button works as expected. X
	- Text Field always regains focus after adding a site to the list. X
Removing links from the links to scan list during setup. X
	- Right click and remove item pops up. X
		- When remove menu item is clicked, the site is removed from the list. X
	- If there are no links, the remove menu does not pop up. X

Testing conditions on crawler setup: X
When no sites are entered, a dialog comes up saying so. X
When an amount is not specified, a dialog comes up saying so. X
When one or more search queries are not specified, a dialog comes up saying so. X

If the amount entered is not a number, a dialog comes up saying so, and the text
in the amount field is erased. X

When cancel button is pressed, dialog disappears. X



During crawling session: X
Start button is disabled and stop button is enabled. X
If search queries were found on a page, that pages link is added. X
When the user clicks on an item, its information is displayed in the quick info dialog. X
Output is redirected to the console area and there are no printing statements. X

When the user clicks the stop button: X
Crawling stops and a dialog displays saying the crawler is finished. X

When crawling session is done: X
A dialog appears saying so. X
Stop button is disabled and start button is enabled. X

When the user starts a new crawling session: X
Follows the rules for "During crawler setup", "Testing conditions on crawler setup",
"During crawling session", "When the user clicks the stop button", and "When crawling
session is done". X

When the user wants to export a file:  X
A save file dialog appears. X
Only legal file names are able to be saved. X
	- If the user entered an illegal file name, then a dialog pops up saying so,
		and the save file dialog displays again. X
If the user clicks the cancel button in the save file dialog, the dialog is closed. X
The file is actually saved with the information from the InformationPackage list. X
A dialog appears stating that the file has been saved. X
